chore(update-guide): add xtac update details (#1354)
camunda/camunda-docs-manual: content/update/minor/718-to-719/_index.md

* `camunda-engine-spring`
* `camunda-engine-cdi`
* `camunda-ejb-client`

There are no new mandatory dependencies for process applications.

# Standalone web application

If you use a standalone web application, replace the current `.war` artifact with its new version.

Take the following steps to complete the update:

1. Undeploy the current version of the standalone web application.
2. Update the database to the new schema as described in the [database update](#database-updates) section.
3. Configure the database as described in the [installation]({{< ref "/installation/standalone-webapplication.md#database-configuration" >}}) section.
4. Deploy the new and configured standalone web application to the server.

# Camunda external task client JS update

During updating the dependencies of the JS client we have realized that all the packages our client
uses as dependency already switched to ECMAScript modules (ESM). Since our project still used
CommonJS modules, this meant that we were unable to update to their latest versions. Because of this

> reason we have decided to also update our project to ESM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
reason we have decided to also update the External Task Client JS to ESM.
```

> During updating the dependencies of the JS client we have realized that all the packages our client
> uses as dependency already switched to ECMAScript modules (ESM). Since our project still used
> CommonJS modules, this meant that we were unable to update to their latest versions. Because of this
> reason we have decided to also update our project to ESM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We always strive to keep up with established standards and reduce technical debt which is why we decided to move away from CommonJS in favor of ESM.
```

I think our internal considerations and how we came to a decision are not relevant from a user's perspective. I would formulate it in a more positive way.

This means that the latest 3.0 version of the [Camunda external task client JS](https://github.com/camunda/camunda-external-task-client-js/)
is now a pure ECMAScript module (ESM). If your project is already using ECMAScript modules then you

> can update to this version without any problems.

Reviewer: Let's also point out the minimum required NodeJS version.
